mediawiki/core w
mediawiki/extensions/AbuseFilter w/extensions/AbuseFilter
mediawiki/extensions/BetaFeatures w/extensions/BetaFeatures
mediawiki/extensions/CategoryTree w/extensions/CategoryTree
mediawiki/extensions/Cite w/extensions/Cite
mediawiki/extensions/CiteThisPage w/extensions/CiteThisPage
mediawiki/extensions/Citoid w/extensions/Citoid
mediawiki/extensions/CodeEditor w/extensions/CodeEditor
mediawiki/extensions/CodeMirror w/extensions/CodeMirror
mediawiki/extensions/ConfirmEdit w/extensions/ConfirmEdit
mediawiki/extensions/EventLogging w/extensions/EventLogging
mediawiki/extensions/EventStreamConfig w/extensions/EventStreamConfig
mediawiki/extensions/FlaggedRevs w/extensions/FlaggedRevs
mediawiki/extensions/Gadgets w/extensions/Gadgets
mediawiki/extensions/GlobalWatchlist w/extensions/GlobalWatchlist
mediawiki/extensions/GrowthExperiments w/extensions/GrowthExperiments
mediawiki/extensions/GuidedTour w/extensions/GuidedTour
mediawiki/extensions/ImageMap w/extensions/ImageMap
mediawiki/extensions/InputBox w/extensions/InputBox
mediawiki/extensions/Interwiki w/extensions/Interwiki
mediawiki/extensions/Linter w/extensions/Linter
mediawiki/extensions/LocalisationUpdate w/extensions/LocalisationUpdate
mediawiki/extensions/MultimediaViewer w/extensions/MultimediaViewer
mediawiki/extensions/Nuke w/extensions/Nuke
mediawiki/extensions/OATHAuth w/extensions/OATHAuth
mediawiki/extensions/PageImages w/extensions/PageImages
mediawiki/extensions/ParserFunctions w/extensions/ParserFunctions
mediawiki/extensions/PageViewInfo w/extensions/PageViewInfo
mediawiki/extensions/PdfHandler w/extensions/PdfHandler
mediawiki/extensions/Poem w/extensions/Poem
mediawiki/extensions/Renameuser w/extensions/Renameuser
mediawiki/extensions/ReplaceText w/extensions/ReplaceText
mediawiki/extensions/Scribunto w/extensions/Scribunto
mediawiki/extensions/SpamBlacklist w/extensions/SpamBlacklist
mediawiki/extensions/SyntaxHighlight_GeSHi w/extensions/SyntaxHighlight_GeSHi
mediawiki/extensions/TemplateData w/extensions/TemplateData
mediawiki/extensions/TextExtracts w/extensions/TextExtracts
mediawiki/extensions/TimedMediaHandler w/extensions/TimedMediaHandler
mediawiki/extensions/TitleBlacklist w/extensions/TitleBlacklist
mediawiki/extensions/UniversalLanguageSelector w/extensions/UniversalLanguageSelector
mediawiki/extensions/UploadWizard w/extensions/UploadWizard
mediawiki/extensions/WikiEditor w/extensions/WikiEditor
mediawiki/skins/MonoBook w/skins/MonoBook
mediawiki/skins/Timeless w/skins/Timeless
mediawiki/skins/Vector w/skins/Vector
mediawiki/services/parsoid w/parsoid
mediawiki/extensions/VisualEditor w/extensions/VisualEditor
VisualEditor/VisualEditor w/extensions/VisualEditor/lib/ve
mediawiki/extensions/DiscussionTools w/extensions/DiscussionTools
mediawiki/extensions/MobileFrontend w/extensions/MobileFrontend
mediawiki/skins/MinervaNeue w/skins/MinervaNeue
mediawiki/extensions/WikiLambda w/extensions/WikiLambda
