mediawiki/core .
mediawiki/extensions/3D extensions/3D
mediawiki/extensions/AbuseFilter extensions/AbuseFilter
mediawiki/extensions/BetaFeatures extensions/BetaFeatures
mediawiki/extensions/CampaignEvents extensions/CampaignEvents
mediawiki/extensions/CategoryTree extensions/CategoryTree
mediawiki/extensions/CampaignEvents extensions/CampaignEvents
mediawiki/extensions/CharInsert extensions/CharInsert
mediawiki/extensions/ChessBrowser extensions/ChessBrowser
mediawiki/extensions/Cite extensions/Cite
mediawiki/extensions/CiteThisPage extensions/CiteThisPage
mediawiki/extensions/Citoid extensions/Citoid
mediawiki/extensions/CodeEditor extensions/CodeEditor
mediawiki/extensions/CodeMirror extensions/CodeMirror
mediawiki/extensions/ConfirmEdit extensions/ConfirmEdit
mediawiki/extensions/Echo extensions/Echo
mediawiki/extensions/EventBus extensions/EventBus
mediawiki/extensions/EventLogging extensions/EventLogging
mediawiki/extensions/EventStreamConfig extensions/EventStreamConfig
mediawiki/extensions/FlaggedRevs extensions/FlaggedRevs
mediawiki/extensions/Flow extensions/Flow
mediawiki/extensions/Gadgets extensions/Gadgets
mediawiki/extensions/GlobalBlocking extensions/GlobalBlocking
mediawiki/extensions/GlobalPreferences extensions/GlobalPreferences
mediawiki/extensions/GlobalWatchlist extensions/GlobalWatchlist
mediawiki/extensions/GrowthExperiments extensions/GrowthExperiments
mediawiki/extensions/GuidedTour extensions/GuidedTour
mediawiki/extensions/ImageMap extensions/ImageMap
mediawiki/extensions/Inbox extensions/Inbox
mediawiki/extensions/InputBox extensions/InputBox
mediawiki/extensions/Interwiki extensions/Interwiki
mediawiki/extensions/Linter extensions/Linter
mediawiki/extensions/LocalisationUpdate extensions/LocalisationUpdate
mediawiki/extensions/Math extensions/Math
mediawiki/extensions/MassMessage extensions/MassMessage
mediawiki/extensions/MultimediaViewer extensions/MultimediaViewer
mediawiki/extensions/Nuke extensions/Nuke
mediawiki/extensions/OATHAuth extensions/OATHAuth
mediawiki/extensions/PageImages extensions/PageImages
mediawiki/extensions/PageViewInfo extensions/PageViewInfo
mediawiki/extensions/ParserFunctions extensions/ParserFunctions
mediawiki/extensions/PdfHandler extensions/PdfHandler
mediawiki/extensions/Poem extensions/Poem
mediawiki/extensions/Popups extensions/Popups
mediawiki/extensions/ProofreadPage extensions/ProofreadPage
mediawiki/extensions/QuickInstantCommons extensions/QuickInstantCommons
mediawiki/extensions/QuickSurveys extensions/QuickSurveys
mediawiki/extensions/RelatedArticles extensions/RelatedArticles
mediawiki/extensions/Renameuser extensions/Renameuser
mediawiki/extensions/ReplaceText extensions/ReplaceText
mediawiki/extensions/RevisionSlider extensions/RevisionSlider
mediawiki/extensions/SandboxLink extensions/SandboxLink
mediawiki/extensions/Score extensions/Score
mediawiki/extensions/Scribunto extensions/Scribunto
mediawiki/extensions/SecurePoll extensions/SecurePoll
mediawiki/extensions/SpamBlacklist extensions/SpamBlacklist
mediawiki/extensions/StopForumSpam extensions/StopForumSpam
mediawiki/extensions/SyntaxHighlight_GeSHi extensions/SyntaxHighlight_GeSHi
mediawiki/extensions/TemplateData extensions/TemplateData
mediawiki/extensions/TemplateStyles extensions/TemplateStyles
mediawiki/extensions/TemplateWizard extensions/TemplateWizard
mediawiki/extensions/TextExtracts extensions/TextExtracts
mediawiki/extensions/Thanks extensions/Thanks
mediawiki/extensions/TimedMediaHandler extensions/TimedMediaHandler
mediawiki/extensions/TitleBlacklist extensions/TitleBlacklist
mediawiki/extensions/Translate extensions/Translate
mediawiki/extensions/UniversalLanguageSelector extensions/UniversalLanguageSelector
mediawiki/extensions/UploadWizard extensions/UploadWizard
mediawiki/extensions/WikiEditor extensions/WikiEditor
mediawiki/extensions/Wikispeech extensions/Wikispeech
mediawiki/skins/MonoBook skins/MonoBook
mediawiki/skins/Timeless skins/Timeless
mediawiki/skins/Vector skins/Vector
mediawiki/services/parsoid parsoid
mediawiki/extensions/VisualEditor extensions/VisualEditor
VisualEditor/VisualEditor extensions/VisualEditor/lib/ve
mediawiki/extensions/DiscussionTools extensions/DiscussionTools
mediawiki/extensions/MobileFrontend extensions/MobileFrontend
mediawiki/extensions/MobileFrontendContentProvider extensions/MobileFrontendContentProvider
mediawiki/skins/MinervaNeue skins/MinervaNeue
mediawiki/extensions/WikiLambda extensions/WikiLambda
mediawiki/extensions/Wikisource extensions/Wikisource
mediawiki/extensions/Wikistories extensions/Wikistories
mediawiki/extensions/Disambiguator extensions/Disambiguator
mediawiki/extensions/VueTest extensions/VueTest
oojs/ui build/ooui
design/codex build/codex
